we are here in der B camp and today we
visited a pregnant female from the Gaza
Strip called suud ham she's only 18
years old and she is pregnant for the
first time in her family unfortunately
suud is going to bring her baby in a
displaced area she has been displaced
since October 17 and here is where she
live right now with 24 other
members suud has been telling us how
hard it has been for her to live
displaced in a new area she never went
to after she was displaced from alun
neighborhood in the norn Gaza Strip suud
said that this is the only thing she
have left while she was forcibly
evacuated from the Gaza Strip suud and
thousands of Palestinian females that
have been pregnant and do to deliver
their babies in the past couple of
months during the the war on Gaza have
been witnessing a humanitarian collapse
where they don't have any privacy they
do not have any medical care and they
also do not have any clean bathrooms and
access to water they have been telling
us that they're very sad that they're
bringing their babies on this world
during this war however suud told me
that she still has hope that there will
be a ceasefire agreement and she will
give delivery in her home in the Ning go
strip
conditions are really hard being
pregnant sharing a single mattress with
my husband water drips down on
us I was expecting to deliver the baby
back home with my mom and dad around me
and be prepared for the
baby I was very scared when they said we
must leave we started to leave my
mother-in-law would not let me go she
said I should deliver the baby there I
said said let me go and see what happens
to me I was 7 months pregnant yesterday
I began the ninth month I have nothing
prepared for the baby no diapers no
clothes once I deliver the baby I hope
many good people will
help at least 55,000 Palestinian women
gave birth in the most inhuman situation
during the war on Gaza this is hind Al
Al
jaaz the
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer